about.markdown, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /about/
order: 2
---

## Hi, I’m Aliyah. I’m a web developer living in Madison, Alabama, and I’m currently working for SAIC at the Army Game Studio. 

When I was growing up, I always heard that if you choose a job you love, you will never have to work a day in your life. For the longest time, I had no idea what I wanted to be when I grew up. It wasn’t until my first web development course that I suddenly knew exactly what I wanted to do for the rest of my life.

For nearly every assignment in my web development class, I found myself completely immersed in the projects. Hours would pass by and I wouldn’t even notice because I loved it so much. To this day, I still lose track of time when I’m coding, and I love it even more now than I did then. 

When I’m not nose deep in code, you can find me keeping up with my Goodreads reading challenge, catching up on my many tv shows, attempting to keep a bullet journal, or lounging with my boyfriend Jesse and our doggo Yoshi.

Commit message:

Add image to about page

about.markdown, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
image: me.jpg
alt: "Aliyah Northington"
intro: "Hi, I’m Aliyah. I’m a web developer living in Madison, Alabama, and I’m currently working for SAIC at the Army Game Studio."
permalink: /about/
order: 2
---

When I was growing up, I always heard that if you choose a job you love, you will never have to work a day in your life. For the longest time, I had no idea what I wanted to be when I grew up. It wasn’t until my first web development course that I suddenly knew exactly what I wanted to do for the rest of my life.

For nearly every assignment in my web development class, I found myself completely immersed in the projects. Hours would pass by and I wouldn’t even notice because I loved it so much. To this day, I still lose track of time when I’m coding, and I love it even more now than I did then. 

When I’m not nose deep in code, you can find me keeping up with my Goodreads reading challenge, catching up on my many tv shows, attempting to keep a bullet journal, or lounging with my boyfriend Jesse and our doggo Yoshi.
